README.md, before:


# Sole Trader Identification Frontend

This is a Scala/Play frontend to allow Sole Traders to provide their information to HMRC.

### How to run the service
1. Make sure any dependent services are running using the following service-manager command `sm --start SOLE_TRADER_IDENTIFICATION_ALL -r`
2. Stop the frontend in service manager using `sm --stop SOLE_TRADER_IDENTIFICATION_FRONTEND`
3. Run the frontend locally using
`sbt 'run 9717 -Dapplication.router=testOnlyDoNotUseInAppConf.Routes'`

### End-Points
#### POST /journey

---
Creates a new journey, storing the journeyConfig against the journeyId.
#### Request:
Request body must contain the continueUrl.

```
{"continueUrl" : "/testUrl"}
```

#### Response:
Status: **Created(201)**

Example Response body:

```
{“journeyStartUrl” : "/testUrl"}
```

#### GET /journey/:journeyId

---
Retrieves all the journey data that is stored against a specific journeyID.
#### Request:
A valid journeyId must be sent in the URI

#### Response:
Status:

| Expected Response                       | Reason
|-----------------------------------------|------------------------------
| ```OK(200)```                           |  ```JourneyId exists```
| ```NOT_FOUND(404)```                    | ```JourneyId doesn't exist```

Example response body:
```
{
"firstName": "John",
"lastName": "Smith",
"dateOfBirth": 1978-01-05,
"nino": "AA111111A",
"sautr": "1234567890"
}
```

### Test End-Points
#### GET test-only/feature-switches

---
Shows all feature switches:
1. Sole Trader Identification Frontend

    - Use stub for Authenticator API
   
#### GET/POST test-only/create-journey

---
This is a test entry point which simulates a service making the initial call to setup a journey.

1. ContinueURL(Required)

   - Where to redirect the user after the journey has been completed

#### GET test-only/retrieve-journey/:journeyId or test-only/retrieve-journey

---
Retrieves all the journey data that is stored against a specific journeyID.

##### Request:
A valid journeyId must be sent in the URI or as a query parameter

##### Response:
Status:

| Expected Response                       | Reason
|-----------------------------------------|------------------------------
| ```OK(200)```                           |  ```JourneyId exists```
| ```NOT_FOUND(404)```                    | ```JourneyId doesn't exist```

Example response body:

```
{"fullName":
   {"firstName":"John",
   "lastName":"Smith"
   },
"dateOfBirth": 1978-01-05,
"nino": "AA111111A",
"sautr": "1234567890"
}
```

### License

This code is open source software licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License]("http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html").

Commit message:

SAR-7325: Update Journey Config to include new fields

README.md, after:


# Sole Trader Identification Frontend

This is a Scala/Play frontend to allow Sole Traders to provide their information to HMRC.

### How to run the service
1. Make sure any dependent services are running using the following service-manager command `sm --start SOLE_TRADER_IDENTIFICATION_ALL -r`
2. Stop the frontend in service manager using `sm --stop SOLE_TRADER_IDENTIFICATION_FRONTEND`
3. Run the frontend locally using
`sbt 'run 9717 -Dapplication.router=testOnlyDoNotUseInAppConf.Routes'`

### End-Points
#### POST /journey

---
Creates a new journey, storing the journeyConfig against the journeyId.
#### Request:

optServiceName will default to `Entity Validation Service` if the field is not provided.

All other fields must be provided. 

```
{
"continueUrl" : "/test",
"optServiceName" : "Service Name",
"deskProServiceId" : "abc",
"signOutUrl : "/sign-out"
}
```

#### Response:
Status: **Created(201)**

Example Response body:

```
{“journeyStartUrl” : "/testUrl"}
```

#### GET /journey/:journeyId

---
Retrieves all the journey data that is stored against a specific journeyID.
#### Request:
A valid journeyId must be sent in the URI

#### Response:
Status:

| Expected Response                       | Reason
|-----------------------------------------|------------------------------
| ```OK(200)```                           |  ```JourneyId exists```
| ```NOT_FOUND(404)```                    | ```JourneyId doesn't exist```

Example response body:
```
{
"firstName": "John",
"lastName": "Smith",
"dateOfBirth": 1978-01-05,
"nino": "AA111111A",
"sautr": "1234567890"
}
```

### Test End-Points
#### GET test-only/feature-switches

---
Shows all feature switches:
1. Sole Trader Identification Frontend

    - Use stub for Authenticator API
   
#### GET test-only/create-journey

---
This is a test entry point which simulates a service by triggering the initial POST call to set up a journey.

1. Continue URL (Required)

    - Where to redirect the user after the journey has been completed

2. Service Name (Optional)

    - Service Name to use throughout the service
    - Currently, this is empty by default, so the default service name will be used

3. DeskPro Service ID (Required)
   
    - Used for the `Get help with this page` link
    - This is currently autofilled but can be changed
    
4. Sign Out Link (Required)
   
    - Shown in the HMRC header - typically a link to a feedback questionnaire
    - This is currently autofilled but can be changed

#### GET test-only/retrieve-journey/:journeyId or test-only/retrieve-journey

---
Retrieves all the journey data that is stored against a specific journeyID.

##### Request:
A valid journeyId must be sent in the URI or as a query parameter

##### Response:
Status:

| Expected Response                       | Reason
|-----------------------------------------|------------------------------
| ```OK(200)```                           |  ```JourneyId exists```
| ```NOT_FOUND(404)```                    | ```JourneyId doesn't exist```

Example response body:

```
{"fullName":
   {"firstName":"John",
   "lastName":"Smith"
   },
"dateOfBirth": 1978-01-05,
"nino": "AA111111A",
"sautr": "1234567890"
}
```

### License

This code is open source software licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License]("http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html").
